# Drone-Attacks-in-Pakistan

USA has been carrying out aerial attacks using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) or drones inside the territory of Pakistan in order to eliminate high-value targets belonging to terrorist organizations like Al-Qaeda and Taliban. This has been going on since 2004 and US government has been claiming that these are ‘precision strikes’ where targets are identified using images captured by drones and eliminated by launching a missile from the same drone. However, there have been multiple instances of civilian casualties and disruption inside Pakistan’s territory because of these drone strikes. It is argued that after these attacks, the ones who lost close relatives in the attack are most likely to take up arms and declare war on the country that inflicted this pain upon them- USA. Malala Yousafzai was a victim of terrorism in Pakistan but even then she had appealed to Barack Obama to stop the drone strikes against terrorists as they were causing terrorism to grow instead of suppressing it. Calling the reports as ‘unauthentic’ and from ‘unreliable sources’, US government has been in a state of denial and has continued carrying out these attacks despite recent political pressure and protests. With the data of every drone strike that has happened in Pakistan since 2004, we will investigate how accurate these strikes have been at their tasks and whether these should still be carried out or stopped once and for all. There is also data available of all the suicide bombings that happened in Pakistan. We will check if there is a correlation between the two, i.e., whether suicide bombings are a precursor to drone-strikes or is it the drone strikes that give rise to more suicide bombings. 

### What data do we have?
Pakistan Body Count (http://www.pakistanbodycount.org/) has a database of every drone strike that has happened since 2004. Their data is collected from media reports, hospitals and internet in an attempt to show the world the kind of brutality that these attacks bring with them.  The data for suicide bombings is also available on the same site. The data is in numerical format with the details of every attack like- date, time, place, no. of civilians killed, no. of Talibani killed, no. of Al-Qaeda men killed, no. of foreigners killed, no. of people injured, women/children involved etc. 
